Story for Gravity Ninja

The first 6 levels tell the journey of the average citizen becoming a gravity ninja. We find out that a corporation called DD has invested a whole load of money into
a programme that invovles gravity manipulation and the player has been chosen to take part. The player learns all about the required skills that are necessary to becoming
a gravity ninja and is encouraged fully by the Royal Institue of Ninja Training. Once the player has progressed through these levels he set's out into the wild,
continuing to build up his Gravity Manipulation skills.

Immediately the feel of the game changes. The game goes from grassy lands and a feeling of safety to a much darker environment. The corporation is still in contact with us
however, telling us how things are progressing with the programme. We learn that they have taken on 2 new students who are training to become gravity ninjas. Their
training is going well and are looking to soon reach the skill level of the player. Suddenly one of the new students dies in a freak accident. The player is told that
the student died because he fell into a wind fan, but the way the message is written makes the player doubtful. The messages then continue to come through until one
day out of the blue the player recieves a message from a person known as 'X' which tells the player than the student was killed by DD. The messages recieved after that
make it obvious that there is huge conflict at DD, a kind of revolt. The player learns that DD are harnessing gravity changes to generate energy and the reason why
they were so heavily for the Gravity Ninja programme was so they could make money. The public were not happy with this because as a result of tampering with gravity 
has affected tides and water levels all over the world, killing millions. 

The remaining levels tell the story of the DD corporation being raided and destroyed with the penultimate level being a news report and the final level being a wise
message from 'X'.